# Power Platform Settings Transformer

The **Power Platform Settings Transformer** is a versatile Azure DevOps extension designed to streamline the customization of Power Platform deployment settings files generated by the Power Apps CLI.

## Features

- **JSON Transformation:** Effortlessly modify and customize Power Platform deployment settings files during your build or release pipelines.
- **PowerApps CLI Integration:** Direct integration with PowerApps CLI for a seamless and efficient workflow.
- **Tailored for Power Platform DevOps:** Specialized tasks crafted to cater to the unique requirements of deploying applications on the Power Platform.
- **Cross-Platform Compatibility:** Works seamlessly across various platforms for enhanced flexibility.

## Compatibility Assurance

This extension is specifically tailored for JSON files generated by the Power Apps CLI create-settings command. It seamlessly works with JSON files that match the specified structure.

```json
{
  "EnvironmentVariables": [
    {
      "SchemaName": "",
      "Value": ""
    }
  ],
  "ConnectionReferences": [
    {
      "LogicalName": "",
      "ConnectionId": "",
      "ConnectorId": ""
    }
  ]
}
```
## Getting Started

1. **Install the Extension:** Get started by installing the extension from the [Azure DevOps Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=AidanCole.past).

2. **Configure Tasks:** Easily configure tasks in your build or release pipelines to transform Power Platform settings files.

## Usage Example

```yaml
steps:
- task: PowerPlatformSettingsTransformer@1
  inputs:
    // Customize inputs as needed
    settings_file_path: $(System.DefaultWorkingDirectory)/$(SolutionName)/Settings.json
    fail_on_warning: true
```
### Bug Reports

If you find a bug or unexpected behavior, please [open a bug report](https://github.com/a1dancole/PowerApps-Solution-Settings-Transform/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.md&title=).

### Feature Requests

If you have ideas for new features or enhancements, please [submit a feature request](https://github.com/a1dancole/PowerApps-Solution-Settings-Transform/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md&title=).

## Optimize Your Power Platform Deployment Workflow Today!

Experience the power of automated settings file transformation tailored for Power Platform deployments. Install the **Power Platform Settings Transformer** now and take your PowerApps DevOps to the next level.
